## Warning
Signal Sentinel is still in **very early production**. It doesn't really work yet, so if you're here for some useful software... well, you'll have to come back later. Sorry!
## Welcome!
**Signal Sentinel** is a (very WIP) program designed for connecting to APIs, monitoring for conditions, and sending out API messages when those conditions are true! It's being designed for people who don't have any programming experience, in order to make taking advantage of APIs easy for anyone to do! The main use case for this software is creating streaming, and as such that's where the initial development focus will be going. Other use cases are being explored and appropriate APIs will be added to the "manually supported" list as time goes on.
## API Support (Manual vs Automatic)
The main problem with supporting APIs for Signal Sentinel to work with is that... well, a lot of APIs don't follow any kind of standard for API construction, and thus aren't automatically supported by Signal Sentinel. This is planned to be remedied by setting up a manual "guide system" of documents that can be given to Signal Sentinel, which it will use as a reference to work with the given API. While not ideal, it's definitely a viable solution, and should enable a somewhat time consuming but doable method for setting up support for APIs manually.

So then, what APIs *can* Signal Sentinel automatically support? Currently, the plan is to leverage the [OpenAPI Initiative](https://www.openapis.org/) as well as the [AsyncAPI Initiative](https://www.asyncapi.com/) to provide automatic support for any APIs integrating either of these initiatives once integration of their specifications is completed. Other specific API specifications (such as GraphQL searching) will be looked into later down the line, but this should be good for the initial 1.0.0 release.
## Suggestions and Future Plans
A list of all of the planned APIs for manual support is being made, and will be posted soon. Feel free to make suggestions in the meantime if you have one you *really* want supported for the initial release, though! I've got a lot of ideas, but only a few APIs are making it into the initial release, so I won't turn down anyone nominating an API for one of those spots.
## Roadmap
The roadmap for Signal Sentinel is currently a work in progress. It should be up soon, but I can give a rundown of the priorities here real quick:
 1. Developer tools to make development easier are currently the biggest priority as they come up. Things like the custom logger, setting up environment variables, and making sure there's a way to define presets so that you can load test environments with pre-configured settings quickly. Anything to make it easier to test the program is a win in my book!
 2. Getting a functional user interface that works is the primary "actually making progress" concern right now. It's not going to be impressive or anything: I'm just trying to construct a page that's functional enough to show what's going on without having a ton of messages spammed into the developer tool console or the program terminal.
 3. Once the user interface is somewhat working, it'll be time to implement some API parsers and begin working on the main point of the program. When it comes to API support, WebSockets and Async APIs are currently a higher priority over HTTP(S) and RESTful APIs. That's both because streaming is the primary use case for this program, and because I want to test the limits of how fast the program can run conditions and respond appropriately. This will act both as a speed benchmark and a way to make sure the program feels responsive when it's all set up and left to run in the background. Actual optimization of the speed of these WebSockets will have to wait. 

> Written using [StackEdit](https://stackedit.io/)! I can vouch that it's useful for formatting markdown files.